com/util/CredentialsRegExp.java
 com.util.CredentialsRegExp
com/model/dto/PersonDTO.java
 com.model.dto.PersonDTO
 com.model.dto.PersonDTO$PersonDTOBuilder
com/security/JwtUserDetailService.java
 com.security.JwtUserDetailService
com/util/Fields.java
 com.util.Fields
com/exceptions/InvalidInputData.java
 com.exceptions.InvalidInputData
com/util/Mappings.java
 com.util.Mappings
com/security/jwt/model/JwtPerson.java
 com.security.jwt.model.JwtPerson
com/security/jwt/exception/JwtAuthenticationException.java
 com.security.jwt.exception.JwtAuthenticationException
com/controllers/RegistrationController.java
 com.controllers.RegistrationController
com/servises/impl/PersonServiceImpl.java
 com.servises.impl.PersonServiceImpl
com/model/roles/Roles.java
 com.model.roles.Roles
com/util/CredentialsWarnings.java
 com.util.CredentialsWarnings
com/ApplicationStarter.java
 com.ApplicationStarter
com/servises/PersonService.java
 com.servises.PersonService
com/model/Person.java
 com.model.Person
 com.model.Person$PersonBuilder
com/security/jwt/model/factory/JwtUserFactory.java
 com.security.jwt.model.factory.JwtUserFactory
com/dao/repo/PersonRepository.java
 com.dao.repo.PersonRepository
com/security/jwt/JwtTokenProvider.java
 com.security.jwt.JwtTokenProvider
com/security/jwt/config/JwtConfigurer.java
 com.security.jwt.config.JwtConfigurer
com/security/jwt/filter/JwtTokenFilter.java
 com.security.jwt.filter.JwtTokenFilter
com/controllers/AuthorizationController.java
 com.controllers.AuthorizationController
com/controllers/TokenController.java
 com.controllers.TokenController
com/security/config/SecurityConfig.java
 com.security.config.SecurityConfig
